doc TokenLanguageModelKNN: Add (passage|query)_prefix option (#2663)
groonga/groonga: doc/source/reference/tokenizers/token_language_model_knn.md

### Optional parameter

(tokenizer-language-model-knn-passage-prefix)=

#### `passage_prefix`

```{versionadded} 15.1.9

```

> Some models such as multilingual-e5 require prefix for search target texts and query texts.

Reviewer: [nits]
```suggestion
Some models such as multilingual-e5 require prefix used for search-target texts and query texts.
```

> `passage_prefix` is for prefix for search target text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`passage_prefix` specifies the prefix for search target text.
```
